Add KimTrack to the Kimai Store (#561)
kimai/www.kimai.org: _includes/store/playmoweb-kimtrack.md

KimTrack is your sleek, native desktop companion for Kimai—right in your menu bar.

Enjoy one-click start/stop and instant project switching, backed by intelligent idle detection and fully customizable preferences to make every second count.

### Key Features

- **One-Click Setup**  
  Get started in seconds. Just download, install, and enter your Kimai API URL and Bearer Token.

- **Native Desktop App**  
  Enjoy a lightweight, responsive interface on **macOS**, **Windows**, or **Linux**—no browser tabs required. Access all your time-tracking features directly from your menu bar for a seamless experience.

> - **Seamless Kimai API Integration**  

Reviewer: Users do not care about API integrations. They want their data to be up-to-date all the time. 
```suggestion
- **Seamless Kimai Sync**  
```

  All you data is synced with your Kimai instance in real-time. Just track your time and let KimTrack handle the rest.

- **Smart Idle Detection**  
  Automatically pauses when you’re away—then lets you review or discard idle periods. Customize timeout and notification behavior to suit your workflow.

- **One-Click Restart**  
  Duplicate and resume past entries in an instant. Perfect for recurring tasks and repeat clients.

- **Dark & Light Themes**  
  Match your mood or system theme. Glare-free days or nights—KimTrack adapts to you.

- **Customizable Preferences**  
  Tailor notifications, idle rules, and display options. Your time-tracking, your way.

### Installation & Activation

1. **Download & Install**  
   Get the installer for your OS from the [download page](https://github.com/playmoweb/kimtrack).

2. **Activate Your License**  
   - Open KimTrack and click **“Browse your license”**  
   - Select the license file you received via email  

>    *(Internet connection required)*

Reviewer: >    *(Internet connection required)*

This should probably be mentioned in the first introduction.

- **Seamless Kimai Sync**
  All you data is synced with your Kimai instance in real-time. Just track your time and let KimTrack handle the rest.

- **Smart Idle Detection**  
  Automatically pauses when you’re away—then lets you review or discard idle periods. Customize timeout and notification behavior to suit your workflow.

- **One-Click Restart**  
  Duplicate and resume past entries in an instant. Perfect for recurring tasks and repeat clients.

- **Dark & Light Themes**  
  Match your mood or system theme. Glare-free days or nights—KimTrack adapts to you.

- **Customizable Preferences**  
  Tailor notifications, idle rules, and display options. Your time-tracking, your way.

### Installation & Activation

> **Note:** You need an internet connection to use KimTrack.

1. **Download & Install**  
   Get the installer for your OS from the [download page](https://github.com/playmoweb/kimtrack).

2. **Activate Your License**  
   - Open KimTrack and click **“Browse your license”**  
   - Select the license file you received via email  

3. **Connect to Kimai**  

>    - Enter your **API URL** (e.g. `https://your-kimai.example.com/`)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Enter your **API URL** (e.g. `https://foobar.kimai.cloud/api/`)  
```

>    - Paste your **Bearer Token** (found under **Profile → API Access** in Kimai)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Paste your **API Token** (create one in your **Profile → API Access** in Kimai)
```

4. **Customize & Go**  
   Head to **Settings** to choose your theme, set idle rules, and tailor notifications.

### Frequently Asked Questions

**Q: What if I need help?**  
A: Our support team is just an email away at [contact@playmoweb.com](mailto:contact@playmoweb.com) or open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/playmoweb/kimtrack/issues).

**Q: Can I use KimTrack with any Kimai instance?**  

> A: Absolutely! Just enter your API URL and Bearer Token, and you’re good to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A: Absolutely! Both Kimai Cloud and On-Premise installations are supported. Just enter your API URL and API Token, and you’re good to go.
```

---
<p></p>

### Key Features

- **One-Click Setup**  
  Get started in seconds. Just download, install, and enter your Kimai API URL and Bearer Token.

- **Native Desktop App**  
  Enjoy a lightweight, responsive interface on **macOS**, **Windows**, or **Linux**—no browser tabs required. Access all your time-tracking features directly from your menu bar for a seamless experience.

- **Seamless Kimai API Integration**  
  All you data is synced with your Kimai instance in real-time. Just track your time and let KimTrack handle the rest.

- **Smart Idle Detection**  
  Automatically pauses when you’re away—then lets you review or discard idle periods. Customize timeout and notification behavior to suit your workflow.

- **One-Click Restart**  
  Duplicate and resume past entries in an instant. Perfect for recurring tasks and repeat clients.

- **Dark & Light Themes**  
  Match your mood or system theme. Glare-free days or nights—KimTrack adapts to you.

- **Customizable Preferences**  
  Tailor notifications, idle rules, and display options. Your time-tracking, your way.

---

> <p></p>

Reviewer: please remove

### Installation & Activation

1. **Download & Install**  
   Get the installer for your OS from the [download page](https://github.com/playmoweb/kimtrack).

2. **Activate Your License**  
   - Open KimTrack and click **“Browse your license”**  
   - Select the license file you received via email  
   *(Internet connection required)*

3. **Connect to Kimai**  
   - Enter your **API URL** (e.g. `https://your-kimai.example.com/`)  
   - Paste your **Bearer Token** (found under **Profile → API Access** in Kimai)

4. **Customize & Go**  
   Head to **Settings** to choose your theme, set idle rules, and tailor notifications.

---

> <p></p>

Reviewer: please remove

Author: I added those <p> tags because, without them, the separator sticks to the next title.

Reviewer: Weird. 
Anyway, the design (even if you don't like it) is consistent without separator 😁

### Frequently Asked Questions

**Q: What if I need help?**  
A: Our support team is just an email away at [contact@playmoweb.com](mailto:contact@playmoweb.com) or open an issue on [GitHub](https://github.com/playmoweb/kimtrack/issues).

**Q: Can I use KimTrack with any Kimai instance?**  
A: Absolutely! Just enter your API URL and Bearer Token, and you’re good to go.

**Q: Is my data secure?**  
A: Yes! KimTrack uses secure API calls to sync your data with your Kimai instance. Your information is safe and private on your device.

<!-- ### App Screens

<p>
    <img src="/images/marketplace/ticesoftware-kimaibar-macos-client1.webp" width="45%" style="margin:0 10px">
    <img src="/images/marketplace/ticesoftware-kimaibar-macos-client2.webp" width="45%" style="margin:0 10px">
</p>    
<p>
    <img src="/images/marketplace/ticesoftware-kimaibar-macos-client3.webp" width="45%" style="margin:0 10px">
    <img src="/images/marketplace/ticesoftware-kimaibar-macos-client4.webp" width="45%" style="margin:0 10px">
</p> -->

<!-- KimaiTrack is the time tracking solution running in your menu bar.

> Check your running time and quickly start and stop your timer directly from your menu bar. Switch to other projects without hassle with just another click on one of your recent activities. KimaiBar detects when you are idle for a certain time and asks you, what to do with the time when you come back. -->

Reviewer: Remove content or comment
